How'd--
How'd it go in there with the feds?
Y-You've spoken with our IA team?
Several times. yes.
And they found your alibi suitable?
[Velez]
There are eyes everywhere.
[voice on phone]
I know. I can feel them.
[Velez] You just need to know that
I'm the only cop you can trust.
[voice on phone]
I don't feel like I have any protection.
And like I'm being watched.
I feel like I shouldn't have called.
[Velez] It's good you called me.
That was smart.
I have the address now.
I know where you are.
[voice on phone] How do I know
they're not tracing this call?
[Velez]
This is a burner phone. You're safe.
No one will know you're speaking to me.
You'll be okay.
[voice on phone]
No. no. no. I feel like they know.
[Velez] They don't know.
You just keep answering the phone
and doing what they say. Okay?
[thunder clap]
[voice on phone]
I'm scared.
I don't know what to do.
And I want out. I want out of here.
I will get to you.
I'll protect you.
and I will pull you out of there.
Okay? Don't trust anyone.
[voice on phone]
Okay. Call me soon. please.
Bye.
[beep]
[tsk]
[thunder rumbles]
[grunts]
[car alarm sounding]
[car alarms overlapping]
[grunts]
[sirens approaching]
They fucking killed Jackie. Thom.
What was she chasing? Do you know?
Money.
I think. A lot of it.
All right. I'm gonna level with you now.
Dane. because we're up against it.
The-The division's falling apart.
The feds. they want TNT dismantled.
And look at us. It's turning us
into cannibals. for Christ's sake.
- Take a seat. please. Detective Ro.
- Ro.
There's been some developments.
and we want to keep pushing.
so we have a few more questions.
if you don't mind.
How would you describe
your relationship with Captain Velez?
She was my friend.
And my bitch.
She had my back.
She looked after me.
- And has her death in any way...?
- No. no. let's not "her death"...
And let's "her murder."
She was murdered.
Let's keep it real. Let's keep it a bean.
And how's that make you feel?
Shit makes me sick to my stomach.
Detective Salazar. we're re-interviewing
your entire TNT team.
No. it's...
It's just TNT.
Tactical Narcotics Team.
It's not "Tactical Narcotics Team Team."
All right. last time we spoke.
you described the job as follows:
"TNT works the dope game."
"We jump the hole.
seizures. drugs. guns. mostly cash."
Is that accurate?
That's correct.
Mostly cash.
Does that create conflict?
Conflict? What do you...
What do you mean?
Like we steal the money ourselves? No.
Those thoughts never cross your mind?
You heard about the inside heist teams?
Innuendo to that end. yeah.
Cops playing robbers. yeah.
And working with other
corrupt law enforcement elements.
When's the last time you guys caught
a cop killer in a conference room?
I'm curious.
What's the play today. guys?
Besides trying to dirty up some cops.
That's probably the easiest work you can
get right now in the city of Miami.
Are you gonna look me
in the eye and tell me
that you think somebody
in TNT killed Jackie?
I didn't say that. Did I say that?
Then what is this?
This is fucking Hail Mary bullshit.
Trying to put this together
with popsicle sticks and glue.
What the fuck is happening?
Where's the...
Where's the fucking task force?
- Why hasn't the world stopped?
- Dane...
No. I don't get it.
I really don't. It makes no sense.
Thom. you got a dead...
Miami police captain.
Because you guys blew it.
Can't catch a cop killer.
Maybe that's because the killer is a cop.
Christ.
- You wanna put the cigarette out?
- No. I don't.
- What else?
- All right.
So far. we've interviewed
Baptiste. Salazar. Ro.
We've interviewed your current commander.
You know. the guy that just took
your promotion. Dane Dumars.
Who deserved that bump as much
as anybody in this department.
You aware of what that guy's been through?
His marriage. his kid?
You two are close?
Very. Which is why I don't sit around
and piss and moan
about him getting fucking promoted.
Because Dane works for a living.
- Like I do.
- Right.
By the way. that was your bosses.
Your fucking genius brain trust
that helped bust up VCAT.
- VCAT? I'm not familiar...
- Violent Criminal Apprehension Team.
And the reason they were shut down
was because of widespread
and rampant criminal corruption.
Not a lot of straight-A students.
But superb fucking murder police.
And you guys fucking torched the place.
Which further
hamstrings Jackie's investigation
because now all the VCAT guys.
not just the bent ones.
are buried fucking alive.
Are they approving any overtime?
No. Dane. no. God. no.
Not with budgets. too.
It's not a hill
anyone's willing to die on.
And VCAT being shut down
has really hurt us.
[sighs]
All right. so let us run it.
- No.
- We'll run it off hours.
Dane. if they got wind
that TNT was conducting
a clandestine investigation
of their own captain's murder.
they'd burn us at the stake
and feed the feds a barbecue.
Were you and Captain Velez close?
Were you in a relationship?
You gonna answer the question?
Is this what we're doing now?
Cat got your tongue?
- You fucking cunt.
- You'll say shit to anyone. right?
- I called him a cunt. Write it down.
- You got nothing to say now. J.D.?
You're a cunt.
[humorless laugh]
Are you fucking bozos here
because you think Jackie was dirty?
Was she?
Be very careful. Del.
Fuck you.
Let's not pretend
that you don't have a huge
personal stake in this. because you do.
All right? I know you do.
Everybody fucking knows you do.
So why don't you tell us
about that double-shoulder rig
you're wearing there. Wild West. huh?
You a fucking cowboy?
One of those guns is yours. right?
Who's the other belong to?
And what are you gonna do with it?
- Fuck you.
- What's wrong with you?
- Hey! Hey!
- Fucking piece of shit!
Fuck off.
[men grunting]
- You fucking cunt! Fuck you!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
What the fuck is he doing?
He's fighting with his brother.
Hey. hey. hey!
- Come on. stop!
- Get the fuck off me!
Get him the fuck out of here!
What the fuck. man?
You're a fucking bully!
Yeah. his brother's a fed.
Jesus Christ.
[groans]
Hey. so you saw your brother.
How'd that go?
Well. he's still an asshole.
You know.
it's like the same fucking thing.
Look. you want to have
a conversation with me.
have a conversation with me.
The guy became a fed so he could
talk down to people. I'm convinced.
Well. was he hoping for a confession?
No. I don't know
what anybody's hoping for right now.
This is bad. Dane.
If they're here. after all this time.
looking at us.
it means they have no fucking idea.
- Jackie's basically an afterthought.
- She's not even that. I mean...
I don't think they're gonna clear it.
Have a funeral.
fold the flag for your family.
and fuck you. Thanks for your service.
Either they think Jackie's dirty
or they think we had
something to do with it.
Yeah. or both.
Or they have no fucking idea.
It's the easiest place to lay it on.
Just hang it on a dirty cop.
What did fucking Thom
with an H have to say?
That guy just got his dick
knocked in by the grind. man.
He's done. He's not gonna help us.
Everybody's got a fucking excuse.
We're all working hard.
It's a job. Go out and fucking do it.
If it's me. I throw chum in the water.
I fucking shake it up. I yank the line.
I see what comes to the fucking surface.
- You know what I mean?
- Exactly. You get some fucking movement.
Fucking see who starts talking.
see who starts making mistakes.
- Some fucking cop shit.
- Just fucking basic shit. man.
I hate it here now. man. I hate it.
I hate being a cop.
I've been waking up
every night
like...
thinking about time.
It's like how much has passed
and how much I got left.
What the fuck I'm gonna do with it.
It's not fair.
I don't know what to tell you.
[sighs] Maybe it's that shit Jackie
used to say. I always made fun of. like.
"Well. just live to see another sunrise."
Maybe that was the whole key to life.
"Just live to see another sunrise."
Jackie... believed in witches. man.
[wry chuckle] You're the problem with the
culture of the police department today.
It's this kind of judgment.
A lot of people believe in witches and...
Jackie believed in spirit animals.
Yeah. I used to like your fucking spirit.
Let's go get cranked.
- What do you say?
- I'm coming. I'm coming.
[door creaks]
[door squeals. shuts]
- [upbeat music plays]
- [Salazar whoops]
[all laughing]
Keep the donuts going. boys. Yeah!
[scattered laughter]
Do we have spare fucking tires?
Hey. guys. chill out.
- Ho!
- Hell. yeah.
The champ is here.
Can we not be doing this dumb shit
in the fucking parking lot like idiots?
- It's not high school.
- [Ro chuckles]
I was gonna bet on your brother.
but we broke it up too fast.
Wouldn't be the first bad bet you made.
"You're a bully!"
[laughing]
[Byrne] Who the fuck says that?
No. on some real shit. though.
What is going on with this cash?
Everything is just money. money. money.
You know. we dope cops.
so I'm trying to make this make sense.
You think it's those stash house hits
we've been hearing about?
- What the hell are those?
- [Byrne] Some bullshit.
It's cartel houses supposedly
getting knocked over by cops and feds.
money disappears...
Heist teams are an urban fantasy.
You run into a big fucking stash house.
you let me know. Okay?
Okay. buddy?
[Baptiste laughs]
- [siren squawking]
- Look at this shit.
- Roll up in a fucking tank.
- [siren whoops]
When's the last time you had to arrest
somebody and you needed a tank?
[Baptiste] See. this is the kind of shit
I like. Big tanks. big wheels.
You like that?
[Baptiste] But small guy.
- Look at that jump.
- [men cackle]
[DEA agents chattering]
It's unbelievable. the fucking artillery
and the machine guns. Okay.
- Hey.
- Captain America!
You get the Red Skull yet?
[speaks Spanish]
[in English] Dude. DEA doesn't have
their own staging area?
You're always using our parking lot
for your fucking armada.
I'm bestowing overtime
on my former brethren in blue
so they can make
their fucking mortgage payments.
Oh. I see.
Maybe this is the motherfucker
knocking over the stash houses
with the cabal of Miami's finest
and feds put together.
I'm DEA. Byrne.
so that makes me Miami's finest.
Ask your fucking crooked cops
you socialize with.
- Y'all look fucking dirty.
- I look fucking good.
- Not you.
- Dayo. What's up. cabrón?
What's up?
What's hot on the streets. hoes?
[in Spanish]
And what? Are things any better?
[in English]
Until they catch our cop killer. no.
- [woman] Dominoes. motherfucker!
- [man groans]
You know. I really fucking feel
like they trying to fire us.
They on our ass
and I don't like it one bit.
They're not gonna let
a cop's body get cold.
especially a captain who'll blow
a big-time media frenzy murder case.
If VCAT didn't get disbanded.
arrest would have happened by now.
Oh. yeah? What's DEA doing for us.
just out of curiosity?
- Nada.
- Well. come on.
- Not a fucking thing.
It's not our fucking
front porch. now. is it?
- Handle your scandal. officers.
- Okay.
I'll keep that in mind
when you get fucked up.
I'll tell you this. There's fucking
snitches in every division.
Speaking of which.
you look a little snitchy.
[scattered laughter]
[echoing chatter fades]
[inaudible]
Oh. fuck. There he is. Look at that.
The most corrupt cop
in all of fucking Dade.
- Hi. Matty.
- Second!
- How's it going. man?
- Trying to find a fuck to give.
What's up. L.T.?
Okay. Hey. TFOs. let's go.
You wanna make some money today or what?
What are you fucking doing?
You playing fucking dominoes?
We had a Crimestopper tip come in.
- Just now?
- Yep.
It's a quarter past quitting time.
It's money up in a house in Hialeah.
I wanna rip it.
Don't wanna end the week on a goose egg.
- Overtime?
- No. This is extra credit.
I need Wilbur. too.
- L.T.. come on. man. No overtime? Why?
- Budgets. I can't do it.
So they get
to just fucking pay their bills.
and we don't get to fucking pay our bills?
Make it make sense.
I'm going regardless.
so do what you want. but I do need Wilbur.
We need a money dog.
Take your own cars. Follow me out.
- That's fucked up.
- He's asleep in my fucking car. Fuck.
[Baptiste] Yo!
How much they said was in here?
Don't know. 250 maybe?
Word? Oh. shit.
All right. bet. That's fucking easy rip.
- Friday night?
- Yep.
- L.T. Hey.
- [vehicle honking]
You mentioned Hialeah.
So we wanna get local PD involved?
Absolutely not.
That entire department's upside down.
How much is this rip supposed to be?
- 150K.
- A doper?
Detective. can you sense
my patience fraying
in real fucking time
from these questions?
Sorry. my bad. Force of habit.
All right. what do we tell 'em?
A lie.
Fucking houses all look abandoned.
Get them to sign a consent to search
for dope instead of money.
Yeah. we out here looking like a goddamn
Halloween costume for cops.
What the hell going on?
Ain't it supposed to be a madhouse?
What if they don't sign
because it actually is a dope hole?
Well. then it's a protective search.
We clear the place anyway.
[dog barking]
Wilbur. come on. baby.
- [coos]
- [Wilbur continues barking]
[shushes]
Good boy. Wilbur. Good boy.
What do we got?
I've never seen him alert like this. boss.
He's going crazy.
How much are they holding?
75 grand.
That's impossible.
He's peeing all over the house.
- There has to be a lot more money inside.
- [Wilbur barking]
Knock. knock. Miami PD.
- Knock. knock.
- How you doing this evening. miss?
Well. five cops magically appear
at my doorstep. I've been better.
We had a Crimestopper tip
come in on this address.
- A what stopper? What?
- It's called a Crimestopper tip.
Said maybe there's some narcotics
on the premises.
They're typically pretty reliable.
so we just gotta follow up.
- What's your name?
- [Wilbur barking]
Desi.
That's your rock star name.
What's your full legal name?
Desiree Lopez Molina.
Do you have any ID? Driver's license?
Inside.
- Any animals in the house? Pets?
- Just me.
You alone here?
Just me.
Do you mind if we come inside?
- Do you have a warrant?
- We have a consent to search.
What's the difference?
The difference is we don't need a judge
to sign and approve a consent to search.
So I can say no.
- You can say no. Sure.
- And what would you say to that?
Well. you would have to say no first.
[Wilbur barking frantically]
I don't have drugs in here.
- Maybe a bit of weed.
- You don't have to worry about that.
Sign the paper and we'll be in and out.
We want to go home. too.
Don't do any of that pushy cop shit.
all right?
What? Do I look like a pushy cop?
These guys are the pushy cops.
Trust me.
That's who you don't want to fuck with.
Yeah. we're good.
What the fuck. guys?
- [humorless laugh]
- [Salazar] Come on. Wilbur.
That's that pushy cop shit
I was talking about.
[Salazar]
Get it. Get it. Let's go.
All right. Numa. go long. Mike. go right.
[Salazar whispering to Wilbur]
Come on.
[whispering]
Stay right by me.
- [bark]
- [whispering]
- [barking]
- I'm letting him off leash.
Go. Go.
[barking]
Is there anybody else in this house. Desi?
[Desi] Just me.
The last thing you want to do
is lie to us right now.
[Desi] Promise. just me.
All right. Wilbur. down! Shh! Wilbur.
- Lolo. come get the dog.
- Clear.
[shushing] It's okay. Stop.
Hey. what's in this attic. Desi?
What's up there?
- Come on. come on.
- Don't know. Never been.
I already told you.
I don't have any drugs.
Dog doesn't alert for drugs.
Alerts for money.
[floorboard creaks]
I-I think I'm going to need
that warrant now.
Nah. dog alerted to something.
We don't need a warrant.
We got probable cause.
Desi. is there anybody in the attic?
No.
- Okay. go.
- Clear.
[Wilbur barks]
- [Wilbur barks]
- [Salazar shushing]
Desi?
Yeah?
[Dumars] Why is this attic so clean?
I already said. I don't know.
Never been up there.
Why does it matter?
Well. 'cause the rest of your house
looks like a fucking landfill.
and this is spotless.
[Desi] You should have seen this place
before I started cleaning it up.
Mi abuela. she just
never threw anything away.
Hey. look at this.
Electrical wire
shouldn't be sticking out like that.
[thud]
What the fuck is that?
All right. get the sledge.
All right. so how long
have you lived here. Desi?
Two months.
[Byrne] And you mentioned your abuela.
is she still around?
[Dumars] Oh. I'm sorry to hear that.
She passed away in June.
I had been taking care of her
the last few years.
- [Byrne] By yourself?
- Yeah.
- [Dumars] Do you work?
- House is in probate.
I've been fighting my sister for it.
Bitch didn't lift a finger
for our grandmother.
- and now she wants to contest her will.
- [thud]
[Salazar] Rest of the house is clear.
So. Desi.
before we get into that wall up there.
anything you want to tell us?
Maybe get ahead of it.
I actually really do not know
what's up there.
- I swear on all I love.
- [thud]
I'm telling the truth.
I'd like to believe you. Desi.
but I've been doing this a long time.
and when I told you
the dog alerts for money.
I saw the look on your face.
and you were shook.
What do you think is behind the wall?
You guys brought a dog
that can smell money.
So. I mean. it's highly likely that
you know a lot more than I do. right?
Come on. Desi.
You got a Colombian flag hanging over
the fireplace downstairs. and we're cops.
so it kind of takes the mystery out
of who the money might belong to.
Oh. that's real small-minded of you.
- All Colombians aren't the same. you know?
- We're aware.
But they do have great coke.
In fact. all the coke
in the United States is Colombian.
- And they have great food. too. Yeah.
- I'm sure they do.
- They do.
- But they don't hide it in the wall.
All you cops have the same look
on your face.
The one that makes you feel like
you've done something wrong.
- [Dumars] Did you do something wrong?
- I didn't.
The receipt of stolen property.
knowingly or unknowingly. including cash.
does actually constitute doing something
very seriously wrong.
Desi. not seeing a crime does not
exonerate you from its commission.
- Not if it's in your fucking house.
- You understand?
- [thud]
- Right. but it's not my home.
This is my grandmother's house. remember?
- Her estate is still in probate.
- [Baptiste] Oh. yeah.
That's pretty slick. Desi.
[thud]
Who gave you that loophole?
- Come on.
- [thud]
I mean. we all love to
lecture and moralize. don't we?
Make better decisions.
Live a more honest life.
[in Spanish]
[in English] But God isn't gonna
make the mortgage. is he?
- End of the month. bills are due.
- [thud]
Medical bills.
Lawyer fees.
- Funeral costs.
- [thud]
So tell me...
- can you trade all that advice...
- [thud]
and prayer and good intention...
for cash?
- [sighs]
- [thud]
No. I guess not. Desi. I guess not.
[thud]
A-W-T-G-G.
What does it mean?
Are we the good guys?
[thud]
Do you need validation
that you're a good guy?
[thud]
Okay. sorry.
How about the other one? W-A-A-W-B?
We are and always will be.
- What are they?
- [thud]
[Baptiste] L.T. Bling bling!
- [Byrne] What do you got?
- I don't know. But it looks big.
[Ro pants]
Keep an eye on her.
Don't let her go anywhere.
This is fucking crazy.
Fucking boom.
[Baptiste] The fuck?
[Byrne] Oh. shit.
[Dumars exhales sharply]
Oh. shit...
Goddamn.
There's $1.4 million in this bucket.
That can't be. Is that real?
- [Salazar] What's that noise? It's big?
- Shit. Damn.
I eyeball 14 more
of those things at least.
- Oh. God.
- But that's... if they average...
[Baptiste] Even more up there.
That's a $20 million Rip.
You ever seen this before?
What the fuck do we do?
Hold on.
Just fucking hold on for a second.
Give me just...
[Byrne] All right. guys. You know what?
Just... Can you step...
Step downstairs for a sec.
Give us a second.
- Huh?
- Give us one sec. We'll be right there.
Just... Let the L.T. just...
- Fuck. dude.
- [coughing]
You know what this means. right?
Jesus Christ. dude.
Hey. hey. phones.
- Phones.
- [Ro] What?
What do you mean. our phones?
I don't want anybody calling now.
Give me your phones. Pass them up.
Hand your phone up.
- Dane. what are you doing?
- Hand your phone up.
[Baptiste] You don't trust us. boss?
No. look. it's not--
I don't trust this fucking Rip. all right?
Money like this does fucked-up shit.
Just turn your pockets inside out.
I want your phones.
It's the fucking Rip. Numa. It's not you.
- [Dumars] Lolo. I need your phone.
- Okay.
- Hand it up.
- You're not a dirty cop. are you?
- I want everything. I want burners. 33s.
- I don't have burners.
- [Baptiste] Seriously?
- Dane. what are you doing?
[Dumars] Let me get Lolo's phone.
I want Desi's phone. too.
- I want to do a rapid I.D.
- Give me your phone.
- Really?
- Yes. give me your phone.
- [Baptiste] Are you serious?
- [Dumars] Hand me your phone.
[Byrne] L.T. It's...
[Dumars] One more. one more.
Hey. stop with the long fucking faces.
guys. all right?
It's not a fucking purity test.
I'm dealing with a fucking situation here.
I'm trying to get a handle on it.
You want my phone. too. man?
No. I don't want your fucking phone.
I want you to help me figure out
what the fuck this is.
Let's not start undermining our trust
in our fucking team...
Don't fucking tell me
what I can and can't do right now.
I'm fucking reacting. all right? I'm not
worried about fucking offending the team.
All right. we gotta be smart now.
This is about trust.
- Yes. yes.
- Dude. dude. it's me and you. okay?
How much was the tip that came in?
It said 300 grand.
The Crimestopper tip
that just got called in said 300?
300. 300.
Fuck.
- All right. we're in trouble. J.D.
- Yeah.
A lot.
Okay. I want to tear out the rest
of these containers from the wall.
We gotta prep a count right now.
Mike. I want you to help Numa take them
into the garage. all right?
Because this is
all just drywall and plaster.
Why does that matter?
It's harder for a bullet to travel through
cinder block. That's why.
- Shit.
- Fuck.
- It's like that?
- It's exactly like that.
Please. just get it done.
Hey. man. Hey. Dane.
You gotta move this money. man.
No. I can't.
The rules are you count the money
at the site of the seizure.
- That's the fucking law. man.
- The rules. all right.
that doesn't apply to
a cubic ton of fucking cash. dude.
If we fuck this count up by one dollar.
IA is fucking up our ass.
Looking for asylum
if we fucking get this count wrong.
No. I'm not
not following procedure right now. man.
We gotta fucking count the money here.
All right. so we call the Major.
- Do you want to involve him?
- No. I don't want to fucking involve him.
You're talking about following protocol.
We can't pick and choose.
- Do you trust our command structure?
- Not particularly.
But we're coloring outside the lines.
- We get just as fucked for violating that...
- All right. I'm not risking it.
Dude. the longer we fucking stick around
here. the dicier this shit's going to get.
Look. I know. I'm fucking aware. man.
Okay. let me tell you something.
Jackie told me that she was hip
to a big fucking Rip that was out there.
and I think that's what this is.
Look. I don't know. I don't know.
All I know is that fucking
what we do right now
and who we fucking talk to matters.
We gotta tighten our shit up.
- We gotta fucking close ranks.
- Boss...
I already missed visiting my girls.
Can I FaceTime them good night real fast?
Lolo. please understand
where we're at right now.
I understand. but this is the kind of shit
my ex crucifies me over. boss.
- Please. just a quick call.
- I cannot give you a phone. I am sorry.
It's a quick phone call. It's my girls.
I need to say goodnight to them.
It cannot be helped.
I'm sorry. I am. I am sorry.
But you gotta let me
get my head around this. please.
- Fuck me. Goddamn it.
- Let me call my brother. Dane.
No. Your fucking brother. the Fed.
who you were in a fistfight with today?
- Let's call Matty Nix at the DEA.
- No Feds. man. No. no. Goddamn it.
This is my scene. Let me run it. please.
All right. chain of command.
you're in charge. I get it.
- No. don't fucking do that. man.
- I'm not trying to step on your toes. man.
I'm trying to help you.
and you're treating me
like an asshole. Okay. lieutenant?
Run your fucking crime scene. but
I don't know what the fuck you're doing.
You're both making a big mistake.
You should just take
whatever money you want and walk away.
Before this goes really bad for all of us.
[Ro] Hey!
Hey!
Hey. there's a black-and-white
coming up the street.
Stay off the radios. No call-outs.
Lolo. get the rest of those containers
with them. Get them to the garage.
What's going on. fellas?
[patrolman] This many Challengers
at the end of a block.
It's either bangers or UCs.
Yeah. we're on the job. TNT.
Could you cut your light bar?
[indistinct police chatter over radio]
[scoffs]
[click]
We didn't get a heads up about this.
No. you didn't.
- Any reason why?
- Yeah. Only reason. You're Hialeah PD.
- And what's that mean. Sergeant?
- Patrolman.
Do you see the gold shield around my neck?
Means we can't fucking afford
what you charge to keep a secret.
I know you both outrank me...
but fuck that.
And fuck you both.
- We'll call my chief and complain...
- Hold on. I know you.
Shotgun. how do I know you?
- You don't know me.
- Uh. yeah. I do.
You never seen me.
[in Spanish]
[in English] Officers.
[tires squealing]
Dipshit riding shotgun.
I recognize him. He was a VCAT cop.
What?
Yeah. I saw him all over Seven Seas.
I recognize that motherfucker for sure.
No. they fucking...
Half those guys got suspended.
- The rest of them got fucking fired.
- Yeah. or reassigned.
If a Catholic priest can do
all this shit and get reassigned.
- you don't think cops can...
- Not with the VCAT thing. man.
That was a fucking disaster.
Who kept their job after that?
Police unions. Trust me.
You think they're onto this place?
If these assholes knew what was in there.
we'd be fucking smoked already.
Yeah.
[tires squealing]
I think we're gonna get hit.
Yeah.
All right. let's get the rifles. vest up.
get a vest on the dog.
Live to see another sunrise. bro.
- That's sage fucking advice tonight.
- [tires squeal in the distance]
[in Spanish]
[Baptiste mutters in Spanish]
[in English] You just worried about
this little side piece
you think we don't know about.
Your little fuck toy.
Probably texting your phone right now
like. "Mami chula. I miss you."
[Desi] Are you guys
just gonna leave me here?
- [Salazar] That's not true!
- Tell me what the fuck is going on!
- Mami... fucking. where you at?
- [Desi] Fuck this!
[Salazar] No. I just wanted to see
my kids. man. I wanted to talk to 'em.
I feel you. baby. Listen.
we're gonna get your phone back. okay?
[Desi yelling in Spanish]
What is this?
I mean. Granny got the Yellow Pages.
At this point. if y'all wanna call 1987.
I'm your girl. I got you.
Granny wasn't playing.
I mean. she got everything in here.
She got everything
you need in here. every year.
Every decade. every century.
Oh. shit.
Mi tio had an old station wagon
just like this.
Fuck. I wonder if it still runs.
I doubt it. Everything in here old.
Hey. look. this is all fun...
But what the fuck are we doing?
- We count the seizures on site.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I know
we count the seizure on sight. Numa.
I'm talking about not contacting command.
Radioing in. Feels kind of funky.
Okay. well. it's L.T.'s call. baby.
What you tripping for?
We literally do this all the time.
I'm not trying to get jammed up.
This is not
how Jackie would handle this shit.
This is not jumping a dope hole.
This is a huge hit.
Act like you've been here before.
And then act like you're coming back.
Yeah. all right. Is that advice for me?
How sweet. Miss me with that bullshit.
- Whoa. whoa.
- [Ro] All right?
- We're on our back foot right now.
- [Baptiste] Wait. when did anyone
- say otherwise?
- [clattering]
[Baptiste] It's how you handle the twist.
You need to chill. now. Calmate. Do you...
- Yeah.
- [Baptiste] He need a nap.
And what are you doing?
Look. that's a shitty fiberglass door.
Let's move this car over there
for more cover. yeah?
Okay. great. Do you want me to help?
Yeah. just be on deck for the back door.
Okay. great.
All right. let's get our vests on.
tighten up.
Get your rifles. extra mags.
Let's get our shit together.
[in Spanish]
[in English]
Safety first. What are you doing?
Trying to get this car to the garage door
so we can get cover.
Yeah. smart.
Where's the girl?
[Salazar]
She's. um. handcuffed in the kitchen.
- [Desi] Fuck you guys!
- [Dumars] Hey. Lolo...
Look. I know you're salty about
the phones. about the girls. I get it.
- It's all right.
- But look.
Please understand. it's not panic.
It's just precaution.
It's okay. boss. I got you.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Is this all the containers?
- [exhales]
Yeah. that's all of them.
Okay.
All right. Mike. Why don't you head out
front and just keep a fucking eye out?
- If you see anything unusual. holler.
- We can move the car. Mike.
[Desi] I don't know shit
about any container.
[Dumars] So let's figure out a system
to count this.
What the fuck?
TEC-9.
There's a weapons charge for Desi.
Fuck this!
All right.
[exhales]
All right. here's what we're gonna do.
If it's labeled. 250. we leave it.
Just take their word for it. All right?
Don't touch it. Don't open it.
Don't fuck with it.
If it's janky and fucked up like this
and there's no label...
- Just count it.
- We gotta count it. all right?
Or else we'll be here for two days.
So anything unlabeled. we just count it.
Fuck me. it'll be so much easier
if we just stole this money.
- [Salazar chuckles]
- I swear to God.
All right. We'll make two piles like that.
Dig through them. Now. that's not marked.
Marked.
[Desi] I get a call to leave the house
for a few hours. and I do.
And they don't ID themselves?
The caller. you don't know who it is?
No. they don't. and I don't ask.
So. strangers. people you don't know...
- come in here into the house...
- I don't ask.
- And you've never seen the people?
- No. never.
You said take what we wanted
and walk away. Why?
That's what they told me to say.
They told you?
In case of this. in case of cops?
I don't think they meant
take all of it. but...
they know they're gonna take their losses.
so however much money you guys took
probably wouldn't amount to much.
not for them.
Who is that?
It's my son.
Desiree Lopez Molina.
You got a snitch jacket.
[sighs]
They redlined the report.
so it's hidden. Why?
Ex-boyfriend.
He sold drugs. and he stole money.
He's a bad guy. so I worked with the cops.
I didn't like it. or him.
Yeah. I can see that.
Was this dude addicted to jail
or just getting caught?
Can't tell.
Hey. look at this.
Redlined. check out the handler.
You a snitch. kid? Miami-Dade?
What happened? Somebody come by the house.
leave a business card?
Tell you to call back?
Is that what the tablet says?
Don't fuck around. It's one of two things.
Either you know how hot this fucking place
was and you wanted help.
or you'll dime out this stash
and make a little money.
Desi. a CI on a seizure in
the state of Florida can claim up to 20%.
Is that...
Is that what's happening? Cause a girl
can get rich snitching in South Florida.
Easy money.
Hey. I get it. What are you gonna do?
Grandmother dies. a couple of guys
show up from the cartels.
say. hope you don't mind if
we keep 20 million in your fucking attic.
What are you gonna do?
You against the whole fucking cartel?
[telephone rings]
[ringing continues]
Don't pick it up.
Hello?
[deep voice on phone] You have 30 minutes
to get the fuck out of that house.
Just do your job and take the money
that was supposed to be there.
- No one needs to die over 150K.
- [receiver clicks]
What was it? What did they say?
Apparently we have 30 minutes
to get out of the house.
Can I talk to you privately for a second?
No. please listen to them. They're gonna
come in here and kill everybody.
300 grand. right?
What?
When I asked you upstairs
how much was the Crimestopper tip for.
you said about 300.000.
- That's right.
- No. Wrong.
Because whoever just called
on the phone said.
"No one needs to die in there for 150K."
The guy on the phone said 150K?
Yeah. So why are you telling me
it's twice that. man?
First off...
- back the fuck up.
- No. man.
Don't tell me to back the fuck up.
Fuck you.
Tell me what's fucking going on. Dane.
Once more. for clarity. J.D..
this is my crime scene.
I will run it the way I see fit.
You are not running shit
if what you plan to do
is torch what's left of my fucking career.
I will pop smoke on this thing and
go the fuck home. Do you understand that?
[Dumars]
What. you think I want to jack this Rip?
Do you think I want to jack this Rip?
Dude. I don't know what you're doing. man.
Uh. y-you have not been yourself
since we've been here. okay?
I told you what Jackie told me.
And you are lying to me.
and you are holding shit back.
And don't tell me I'm imagining shit
'cause I've known you too long.
What is going on?
I want to see the Crimestopper tip.
I want to see the piece of paper.
I want to see the tip.
Just the tip?
Motherfucker. I am so far
from seeing the fucking humor in this!
Do you understand me? I don't trust you
right now. and that's a fucking problem!
Take out the Crimestopper report.
Show me the fucking tip.
- Why?
- Why not? What do you have to hide?
It's a Crimestopper tip.
It's not a state secret.
I-I don't have it.
Dude. why are you doing this?
- Hey. I don't have it.
- Where is it?
- I don't have it.
- In your car? At home? Where is it?
On your fucking thing? Where is it. man?
I would have never fucked you like this.
Motherfucker. Call the Major. or I will.
[door slams]
[cash flipping]
Do you think the cartel
would throw me a little loan. Numa?
You know. cover my nut?
Mmm. It don't hurt to ask. you know?
I heard they're pretty cool
about loaning money to cops.
I take home 80K a year after taxes.
And for that. I get...
shot at. spit on.
punched. kicked. insulted.
made to feel like a fucking piece of shit
for being a fucking sandbag
between chaos and civilized society.
Honestly. I feel like you put a little bit
of thought into them thoughts. Lolo.
What would you do with this. Numa?
Everything.
Just this.
This little money right here...
would make my life so much easier to live.
Hey. Dayo. Wrap these pricks up.
Let's get out of here.
I just started fucking with them.
No. fuck them. You know. fuck you
especially. I don't like you. asshole.
Good night. You have a good one.
- We'll see you later.
- Yeah. fuck you.
Hey. Byrne-sy. where you at?
Hey. man. we walked into a real one
tonight. I may need your help.
What's up?
We had a Crimestopper tip
come in after closing.
We ran it. Now I'm out here in Hialeah.
stuck in the shit.
Stuck in the shit how?
A Rip.
More money
than you can fucking count.
Fuck.
Yeah. and I'm worried about Dane. dude.
I don't know where his head is at.
He's not doing shit right.
What the hell does that mean?
Well. he hasn't called it in yet.
The Rip? To Command?
Yeah.
Well. that's no fucking good.
Is there anything
that you've heard about him?
No. only that he's got a full head
of steam for solving Jackie's murder.
Yeah... We all do. They were close.
How close. J.D.?
What are we talking about?
J.D.. you were in love.
You and Jackie had a thing. it was
the world's worst fucking kept secret.
Yeah. we did.
Yeah. and you lost your promotion.
To Dane.
That wasn't personal.
Says who?
That just wasn't how Jackie did shit.
- Says who?
- Says me.
Look. what if Jackie
was working that stash house.
the one you're on tonight. huh?
And what if Dane found out about that?
Does that track? Is that possible?
I don't--
I mean. it's possible. It tracks.
So ask yourself this.
Slowly.
Live to see another sunrise.
Is the size of that Rip
worth the price of a Miami police captain?
No. Jesus Christ.
Dane didn't fucking kill Jackie.
I'm just saying that the guy is broke.
He's in medical debt. his son is gone.
his marriage has imploded.
and we both know he's been on the mend
mentally for more than a minute.
Yeah. watch your ten-year-old son
die of cancer. wouldn't you be?
That's right. and only he knows
how that will fuck up your frame of mind.
But we all know
that he's never gonna truly recover.
which means that he's a man
that we can never truly trust.
J.D.. what do you have to lose
after you've lost everything?
Fuck! All right.
I gotta talk to my brother.
Fuck that. Fuck the feds. don't do that.
Listen. I'm wrapping up right now.
Let me get to you. Ten minutes.
I will text you. Watch your back.
All right.
Fuck.
Dayo. come here.
[Salazar]
Who's gonna give a fuck?
Who's gonna miss
10. 20. 30 thousand dollars?
[Baptiste] For real. Count this money.
make sure that shit is all here.
I'm not trying to fucking
be here all night.
Hey. guys. listen up.
I gotta run something by you. and...
Listen. If you're not down with it.
I understand.
But just between us...
I think we can make
something happen here. All right?
I know we're all thinking it.
so let's get realistic right now.
But I wanna get mine.
and I know you wanna get yours. All right?
I wanna get paid.
What's going on. Mike?
God... what the fuck.
Sarge. you can't creep up
on someone like that. Damn.
These lights is what's up.
What lights?
Those lights.
They all came on at once. It was like a...
on. like. a timer or something.
- On both sides of the street?
- Yeah.
Where are the people?
[Ro] I haven't seen a soul.
Where are the cars?
You hear this bullshit about
the cartels buying up the housing blocks?
Let's not get into ghost stories. okay?
We got enough fucking problems right now.
Sarge.
We good in there?
Yeah. Relax. Everything's fine.
- It's all right.
- All right.
- Oh. shit. You see that?
- What?
Watch. watch. Right there. right there.
At first I thought it was.
like. electrical short.
but I think it's falling into a pattern.
Am I seeing shit?
No.
It is a pattern.
It's Morse code.
P-I...
G...
S.
They know we're here.
Yeah. Go let the lieutenant know.
I'm gonna check out that house.
You gonna go solo?
Yeah.
[phone buzzing]
Hey. Lotta. it's L.T. I need the Major.
Major. hey. uh...
So we had a tip come in late.
House up in Hialeah.
Looks like the Rip's about 150K.
Nah. don't send SWAT.
We're not gonna need... We're QRU.
Yeah. we'll just...
we'll walk it out ourselves.
Just let me finish the count.
and I'll check back in. Yeah.
What the fuck am I gonna do?
What the fuck...?
Ro. they're gonna steal the money.
What? Who?
Yeah.
Your L.T.. whatever.
and the other two. okay?
I heard them talking in the garage.
Wait. you heard them say this?
Yes. All right?
He called someone. a Major.
a higher command.
and he told them that there was
only $150.000 in this fucking house.
- Just now you heard them...
- Right before you walked in. okay?
You may be the only fucking person
we can trust. all right?
You gotta call somebody. anybody. Don't...
What are you doing inside. Detective?
Uh. Sarge sent me in to tell you
about this house up the street.
What house up the street?
He went to go check it out. They were...
It's looking like they were using
their porch lights to signal somebody.
Why don't we take a walk? You show me.
I want you to arrest me!
Take me to jail!
- Please. get me the fuck out of here!
- [phone ringing]
They're gonna fucking kill us!
Uncuff me! Please. fuck. let me go!
- Hello?
- [deep voice on phone] Listen to me.
People are gonna start dying
in ten minutes. Get the fuck out.
[Dumars]
Now. what were you and Desi discussing?
Nothing.
No. not nothing. That was a discussion.
[scoffs]
She's scared. What do you expect?
Scared of what?
Us.
I think cops
make a lot of people nervous.
They make you nervous?
Sure. Some.
It's right there. It's that house.
The light keeps going on and off.
Sarge said it's Morse code.
It spells out "pigs"?
You get that. L.T.?
You a snitch. Mike?
[nervous chuckle]
You trying to rattle me?
I don't know.
You're not serious. L.T.
Why don't you head back to the house
and help 'em finish the count?
I'll handle the Sarge.
All right.
[breathing tremulously]
[whispering] They're gonna rip the stash.
We need to move. Now!
[phone buzzes]
Please get me out of here.
Hey. Desi. be cool. all right?
Nothing's gonna happen to you.
I won't let it.
Did you call someone?
I did. They're on their way. Stay calm.
Hey. it's Ro.
What the fuck is this?
[banging]
Are these zip--
Why do you have zip ties on the door?
We don't want people coming in or out.
People? It's just us.
What are we doing here?
Counting.
I thought you were on the street.
I was.
They sent me back in to help.
We good. Lo. we good?
Yep. We've got a system now. Thank you.
It's looking like 20 mil?
Help me with this right there.
How are we looking?
[Baptiste] We got a phone call.
[Dumars]
Yeah? What'd they say?
[Baptiste] That we had ten minutes
before we started dying.
and that was about five minutes ago.
[Dumars] How close are we on the count?
I know what the fuck you're doing.
[Baptiste]
Not further than five minutes.
All right. we gotta pick it up.
We gotta go.
What the fuck are you doing. man?
You gonna help?
Where's Sarge?
We got separated.
Find anything in that house?
No.
- Should I get him on the radio?
- Stay off the fucking radio.
All right. Maglites.
Get them low. Keep them low.
[Wilbur barking]
[Desi screaming]
[Salazar]
Fuck! Fuck! I got clipped.
Motherfucker!
Stay with Lolo. Numa! Stay with Lolo!
Mike! Mike! On me! On me!
Motherfuckers! They fucking got me!
- I got you. I got you.
- [pained groan]
Come on.
Fuck.
We're not getting the power back.
Help me! Get me out of here!
- We're gonna stop the bleeding.
- [pants]
[Ro] Fuck. The cars.
[Dumars]
Blood trail. Stay on me. Mike.
- [Desi] Get me the fuck out of here!
- Are you hit?
No! But please.
get me the fuck out of here!
We got a lot of real shit happening. okay?
So if you don't have a bullet lodged
in your fucking body. please shut up!
[Ro] Fence. fence. fence!
Vamos. vamos.
[man shouting in Spanish]
[Desi] You're fucking crazy!
Desi!
[in Spanish]
[in English]
Where's the fucking dog?
[in Spanish]
Wilbur!
[shouts in Spanish]
[in English] You guys are fucking crazy!
- Wilbur!
- [Desi] Get me the fuck out of here!
[Baptiste] Please shut the fuck up.
[Dumars] Cover! Cover!
Listen. I'm gonna uncuff you.
Don't fuck me up. okay?
Find some candles. Get some light in here.
I know what the fuck you're doing.
- [Ro] I'm breaking loose!
- [Dumars] Mike. move. I got the roof!
[man shouting in Spanish]
[men shouting in Spanish]
[men yelling in Spanish]
Coming out!
How many of these fucking guys
are out here?
I don't fucking know.
I'm pretty sure we got one of them.
There were three in the truck.
[Ro] Goddamn.
Hey. down! Down! Get the fuck down!
Down! Get down!
- Down! Down! Get the fuck down!
- [speaking Spanish]
Get down! Down! Get the fuck down!
[Byrne] Hold up! Hold up! Hold up!
Hey! Hey! He's cool.
[Dumars]
What the fuck do you mean. he's cool?
It's not him. He's the guy in the porch.
He's on look-out.
[Dumars]
What does he mean. it's not us?
It's the guy from the porch light.
He's cartel.
- They weren't the ones who fucking hit us.
- [Ro] Who the fuck did?
- I don't know.
- [speaks Spanish]
Okay. claro.
- Yo. what are you doing? What's he doing?
He's calling his boss. Calm down.
- [video call chimes]
- [speaking Spanish]
[both speaking Spanish]
[cartel member. in English] You need
to remember that I'm up here
- and you're down there.
- [speaking Spanish]
Shut the fuck up.
[overlapping chatter]
[in English]
Damn it.
[chatter continues]
[speaking Spanish]
[older man speaking Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[speaking Spanish]
[in English] What's going on?
- Let's go.
- He said...
they're abandoning the stash house.
He said it wasn't them that attacked us.
That's not all he fucking said.
[Ro] They're fucking walking away
from $20 million?
[Dumars] Killing a cop is expensive.
Killing five of us bankrupts
even the best dope game.
These guys aren't stupid.
At the end of the day.
20 million is a write-off.
[Dumars] Lolo. you good?
Yeah. boss. I'm good. I'm fine.
[Dumars] Guys. the cartel didn't hit us.
It wasn't them. and they're doing
a quitclaim. They're walking away.
So if they don't want the money.
it's anybody's ball. yeah?
What does that mean?
Vouch what was in the Crimestopper.
What about the rest?
I mean. you want to be a thief. Lolo?
Commit. Come on. say it.
[in Spanish]
[in English] You already called the Major.
yeah. boss?
Yeah.
Yeah. when?
Earlier.
Yeah. I told him about the Rip.
told him we were going to finish
the count. walk it out ourselves.
With what? Our cars are fucking trashed.
Call an SRT. get a retrieval team.
- Are you assuming command now. J.D.?
- Where's the printout?
Fuck the printout.
There was no fucking Crimestopper report.
Just so you know. he made it up.
To get us out here
to steal this fucking Rip.
You were Jackie's second-in-command.
She knew about it. You knew about it. too.
- Easy. motherfucker.
- Who's out there. Dane?
Who just hit us right now?
You part of some
fucking asshole. corrupt cop team
- knocking over stash houses like this?
- Hey. What about you. man?
- What about me?
- Huh?
The fucking ex-VCAT detective
that you recognized.
Shit started to get real weird after that
guy showed up. It's been weird ever since.
You think I'm lying in the cut
with that fucking cunt?
And then you disappear
for. what. 30-odd minutes
and come back
with an armed cartel lookout?
Did you shoot up the garage. man?
[Byrne] Pick a lane. Dane.
Either I'm mobbed up with the fucking cops
or I'm running with the cartel.
And your own fucking brother.
a federal agent...
Uh-huh?
...keeps circling back. questioning you.
You. man.
- Why?
- That is the weakest shit I've ever heard.
so let me put
my fucking foot through it right now.
So when we're all getting deposed.
you remember this fucking moment.
What did Mr. Cartel say on the phone
about Jackie?
[speaking Spanish]
[in English]
"Our people think she was killed
by a member of her own team."
- You kill Jackie. Dane?
- Oh. fuck you. man. Fuck off.
You want to steal this Rip. Dane.
Just say it out loud.
L.T.. come on.
I just figured it out
why you don't like being a cop.
'Cause you're not a fucking cop.
You're a fucking
piece of shit cop-killer...
[grunting]
[Salazar] No. stop it!
Stop it. guys. What are you...
What the fuck are you doing?
[grunting]
[Salazar]
Oh. my God. Stop!
[Wilbur barking]
[Baptiste]
Stop it! Stop! Get off!
[grunting]
- [Ro] Break it up!
- [Baptiste] Stop!
Get the fuck off me!
[Wilbur whines]
[Byrne] Fuck you!
- [Baptiste] Just go!
- Fuck you.
[Wilbur whines]
- [door slams]
- [Wilbur whines]
We finish the count. Now.
We get the money.
we get the fuck out of here.
Hey. go sit with her.
She does not move.
Are we arresting her?
- What the fuck did I just say?
- All right!
- When did you hear the word "arrest"?
Come on.
[Baptiste] Let's just go. girl.
Let's get this shit wrapped up. okay?
It's been a long fucking night.
We're good.
Just watch her and let's wrap this up.
- They're gonna kill us. aren't they?
- [Ro] It's gonna be all right.
You have to help.
You're the only good one!
[sighs. exhales]
[panting]
[phone buzzing]
Yo. Matty. Dane's doing the Rip.
He's gone rogue. man.
You gotta fucking get here.
We're inbound now.
You got the full kick. whole team?
No. Had to cut my starters loose.
Can't afford the fucking overtime.
Fuck.
Listen. I've got an armored Lenco.
We're good.
I want to get to that armored count room
you guys set up by Jackson Memorial.
J.D.. how much you sitting on?
I'm staring at over 20 mil.
You shitting me?
No. I am not.
So get here fast as you fucking can
before somebody gets killed.
You just fucking hang on.
We're right there. We're right there.
[sent alert chimes]
[whispering] Desi. Hey. Hey.
Listen. I had a burner in there.
A hidden phone.
I think I lost it
when I was breaking up their fight.
You don't have a phone that you use
to contact the cartel. do you?
No. your boss took it from me. remember?
Fuck!
That's it. That's all of them.
80 pounds apiece. Bullet-proofed.
All right. Numa.
This is the number. Don't say it out loud.
- Got it.
- All right. Lolo.
- Tell me when you got it.
- [Salazar] Okay.
- I got it.
- Okay.
[phone ringing]
Don't answer it.
[Salazar] How are we getting this money
out of here. boss?
- All the cars fucked up? Like. done?
- All of them.
- [Salazar] See if Desi has the keys?
- You think it runs?
I mean. it's shot to shit. but...
Oh. shit! We're on fire!
Get the bags.
[Wilbur barking]
[Dumars]
All right. We'll come back for the rest.
[siren squawks. whoops]
[Desi] Oh. my God! What the fuck?
[Dumars] You all right?
[Desi] Oh. my God. the house.
The house is fucking burning.
The house is fucking burning!
Is anyone calling anyone?
Only here to help. What can I do?
All right. let's load the money bags
into the back of the Lenco.
Numa. you stay here.
I want you to stay with Desi.
- Wait for Fire and Rescue.
- No. boss. I'm fine. Let's go.
No. we've been breathing in
a lot of smoke in there.
[Baptiste] Boss. I said I'm fine.
I'm not gonna fucking
argue with you about this.
- I want you to stay here.
- [Byrne] No. no. no.
You're not fucking going anywhere.
We're done.
- Hey. no. you are staying on site.
- Shut the fuck up.
Hey. Listen to me.
You stay with me and the money.
- You called Nix. motherfucker?
- I don't take orders from you.
- No. no. I'm fucking in charge!
- You're finished. You hear me?
- Fuck you!
- What the fuck are you two doing?
Just fucking load in.
What the fuck's wrong with you two?
So that's it? You're gonna burn us. boss?
That's it? You're just gonna
take the fucking money?
[Salazar speaking Spanish]
[in English] And what about
my grandmother's house? It's burning.
[door shuts. engine turns over]
[sirens approaching]
[tires screech]
In case anything jumps...
I don't want to worry
about clearing my weapon.
Where are we taking this money?
DEA-held Wells Fargo near the hospital.
What are you doing?
I'm calling the Major.
I'll let him know to meet us at the bank.
Dane already let him know.
didn't you. Dane?
Yeah. he's aware.
[scoffs] No. he's not.
He knows about the Rip.
but not the total amount.
How would you know that?
You know. you never
answered my question from earlier.
Are you a snitch?
L.T.. why don't you go fuck yourself?
That's my answer.
Hey. everybody. calm down.
People are tired.
It's been a long fucking night.
Now it's about to get a lot longer.
Dane. Ro is not Internal Affairs.
I didn't say he was IA.
He's snitching for someone else.
Who's moving on this money?
You mean the money
you've been trying to steal all night?
That girl Desi told me that you
told the Major that the Rip was only 150k.
That's right.
Did it sound something like this?
"Hello. Major. This is Dumars."
"Yeah. we took a tip late
on a house in Hialeah."
"The Rip looks like it's about 150k."
"No. don't send SRT.
We're gonna walk it out ourselves."
"We're gonna finish the count.
and I'll check back in."
Is that what she heard?
She told me that you were planning on
boosting that money with Numa and Lolo.
That's what she told me.
Detective. that girl heard me saying
exactly what I wanted her to hear me say.
[Dumars] Hey. guys. listen up.
I got something I gotta run by you.
All right? Now...
If you're not down with it. I understand.
I'll deny that I ever said it.
But just between us...
I think we can
make something happen here.
All right? I wanna get paid.
- I wanna rob the Rip.
- [Salazar] Let's do it.
All right. Now. listen.
I knew she'd tell you
about me and Numa and Lolo.
Ro. they're gonna steal the money.
[Dumars] Because she trusted you.
You looked the part.
I also knew she'd tell you about the Major
and the phone call and the 150K.
That wasn't the first time
you heard that number. though. was it?
That's the number I gave you back at HQ
when you asked me about the Rip.
- Yeah. You did. And...?
- And...
he told me it was 300K.
I told Numa it was 250.
I told Lolo it was 75.
The only person
who ever heard 150K was you.
And whoever called the house.
What are you talking about?
The voice on the phone said.
"Take the 150K and leave."
[deep voice on phone]
No one needs to die over 150K.
How much is this Rip supposed to be?
150K.
- 150K. Exact.
- Now. where'd he get that number?
So I called the fucking house? How's that?
I was standing right there.
You took my phone.
You've been using a burner all night.
I don't have a fucking burner.
I don't have a 33 on me.
What's this. Mike?
- I don't know. That's not mine.
- You've never seen it before? Yeah.
Well. that's strange. because
that's the burner he took off you
- when we were fighting in the garage.
- Yep. That's where I got it.
Get the fuck off me!
But don't worry.
There's an easy way to solve it.
We'll just see if your face unlocks
the fucking phone. Let's test it out.
- Guys. what are we doing here?
- What are you doing?
- You called in those Hialeah cops.
- What?
- You set fire to the stash house.
- Are you hearing this bullshit?
You've been trying
to steal this Rip all night.
See. the thing about lying. Detective.
it becomes real hard to keep
those timelines straight.
Who did what? Who did it when?
The truth is much more of a straight line.
- Okay.
- Unless...
you're lying like me.
The way I've been lying to you
all night long
because then. truth be told.
it is a fucking art form.
Don't feel bad. I've been bullshitting
everybody all night. Even him.
Till recently.
Till just recently.
You got something you want to tell me?
- There never was any Crimestopper tip.
- No shit.
I got this from a burner
the night she was killed.
[thunder rolling]
Jackie sent this?
You put this whole thing in play
on purpose?
You gave me the idea.
Bloody up the water.
see what rides to the surface.
Well. why didn't you fucking tell me?
The only way to get everybody
to believe I'd actually steal the money
is if you believed it.
...fuckin' money...
I made up the Crimestopper tip
to get all of us to the address she sent
so we could see for ourselves.
And maybe whoever killed her
would make a play.
But J.D.. man. The heist teams...
- I think she was closing in.
- She was gonna use this Rip as bait.
But they killed her
before she could put it in motion.
Who?
We're gonna find out tonight.
But Mike Ro's with 'em.
[Dumars] I had you
from the second I heard "150K".
Just needed to know
who you were working with.
[Byrne] Where are the radios. Matty?
- What?
- The radios?
Why haven't we heard any pops?
Anything from dispatch? Any call-outs?
We're taking $20 million across
North Miami. Who's fucking monitoring us?
It's just us. Airtight. low-key.
Why couldn't you bring
the BearCats out. Matty?
Couldn't get them approved.
Hmm.
Yeah. where's your regular chalk?
Pop Squad?
Where are those guys?
Where's Dayo?
I sent him home.
Again. no approval. zero overtime.
What is this. a fucking mystery?
I told you how much was in the Rip.
You also told me Dane was dirty
and might be wanting to steal it.
Or I was acting like I did
to see who'd actually show up
and try to steal it.
What are the odds
the Tahoe back there's got
one or both of those Hialeah cops
we beefed with earlier?
Who's driving up front. man?
Anybody we know?
- It was you who called the house.
- And shot it up.
What the fuck is this?
You trying to "two-and-two-is-four" me.
run up the flank? Fuck you both.
Mike.
Last chance. man. Make it count.
Who else is moving on the money?
You think I'm bent?
Okay.
[scoffs]
Can I see that burner. Sarge?
[click]
Redial.
[phone buzzing]
[groans]
[grunts]
No!
[yelps]
[grunts]
[Nix] Down. down! Get down!
- [groans]
- You stay the fuck down!
[grunts]
[winces]
[panting] All right. We're fucking made.
The move's out there.
It's all out in the fucking open now.
so let's do something about it.
- [knocking]
- We're good!
We got something
we're working out in here.
- Get Dayo out of the front seat!
- [groans softly]
Don't do any dumb shit. Detective.
Nix. where the fuck am I going. man?
This is fucking more money
than any one of us could ever spend.
We mob up. we disappear in an hour...
- We live like kings the rest of our lives.
- [agonized panting]
Except for this dumb fuck!
You're gonna ride for the team. you fuck!
Touch that gun. and I will kill you. J.D.
I will fucking put a hole
right between your eyes.
Nix. I have no fucking idea
where I'm going!
What about Jackie?
Did you kill her. Matty?
Ro killed her!
Fuck you. I did. Fuck you. I did.
You shut the fuck up!
You fucking pulled the trigger.
you fuck! You finished her!
[casings clatter]
[Ro] You finished her. you fuck!
You finished her!
- Okay. let's focus.
- I gotta get this rig off the road. man!
- I can get fucking right.
- [phone buzzing]
[phone buzzing]
- What the fuck is that?
- You're gonna want me to take this.
[phone buzzing]
Go ahead. You're on speaker.
[voice on phone] Just got into position.
Is that you
coming up the street right now?
The Lenco. Tahoe behind you?
- Yep. that's us. Where are you?
- We're right here.
- Fucking... Who the fuck is that?
- It's my brother.
Nix. what the fuck are we doing now?
This is Special Agent Del Byrne
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
I need everyone to exit the back
of the vehicle with your hands raised.
It's over.
- Put the gun down. man.
- Nix. I'm out.
We're done. It's the feds.
It's the fucking feds out there.
Here's what we're gonna do.
We worked this thing together.
joint-agency. DEA and Dade. yeah?
We took out the heist team. Ro.
those Hialeah fucks. fucking ex-VCAT.
This writes itself. guys.
I repeat. Exit the back
of the vehicle with your hands raised.
It's not gonna work. Nix.
It's the fucking feds out there.
They're fucking everywhere.
The fact is. no one wants this scandal.
No one needs more headlines. Instead.
we fucking look like heroes.
We took $20 million from the cartel
and we're gonna gift it back
to the city of Miami?
Let's think about this.
This could be beautiful for us.
Matty. they can hear you.
I said. "You're on speaker."
[Del Byrne] Agent Nix.
how would you like this to go?
- Fuck!
- Ro. stop!
[Nix] Get down. get down! Shit! No!
[Del Byrne] Get on the ground now!
[tires screech]
- [Dumars] No. Mike. no!
- [Byrne] Ro!
[screams]
Shit!
[machine gun fire thundering]
[grunts]
- [Del Byrne] Take that rig!
- [glass shatters]
[gasps]
[tires screech]
- [FBI Agent] Hands. hands!
- Where? Where'd he go?
Hey! Hey. J.D.!
J.D.! That's my fucking car. man!
[tires squealing]
Fuck.
[bullets clink]
[panting]
Fuck you!
[tires screech]
- [Ro grunts]
- Oof!
[both grunting]
[metal groaning]
Fuck!
[tires squealing]
[grunts]
- [both grunting]
- [blows landing]
[engine sputtering]
[engine turns over]
[both grunting]
[engine revs]
[straining]
[tires screech]
[both grunting]
[tire rumbles]
[tires skidding]
[grunts]
[choking]
Stop.
Mike!
[wheezes]
Stop it.
[panting]
Fuck.
Fuck! Fuck!
[Nix groans]
Goddamn it. Mike.
[panting]
Do you think I'm a piece of shit?
What amount of money?
What fucking amount of money?
I will cut you in. Huh?
Let's work here. Come on.
How much you got?
Price of a Miami police captain?
[sighs]
[zipper zips]
[thud]
[sniffs]
[chuckles]
You get it now?
Are you gonna execute me?
It's moving fast. man.
Wake up one day.
you're old.
- [handcuffs rattle]
- Let's go.
[sighs]
[water sloshing]
[sharp exhale]
[sighs]
[handcuffs rattling]
[handcuffs ratchet]
[sniffs]
[people chattering]
[rattling]
- Okay. sign off on this here.
- Got it.
[woman]
There has to be like... at least...
Hey. they're on my ass.
I need that number.
Got it.
- Detective Salazar?
- Yeah.
You have verbal confirmation
of your count?
Yes.
20.650.480.
Detective Baptiste.
You have a number for me?
20.650.480.
Lieutenant Dumars.
You have written confirmation
of your count?
[straining] Yep. Got it.
[grunts]
Hey. good evening.
Or morning.
You'll be happy with that.
[Agent] Wow.
To the dollar.
Well done. Detectives. Well done.
That's one solid Rip.
Clear this place out. Mop it up.
Roger that.
- Did he just say "one solid Rip"?
- [laughs]
[indistinct chatter]
[inaudible]
- [Byrne] Holy shit.
- [Dumars] Oh. boy.
She's getting a piece
of the fucking seizure.
Oh. my God.
- Wow.
- Well. shit. good for her.
[Salazar speaking Spanish]
[Byrne. in English] Her abuela's house
burnt down. She can have it.
[Baptiste] Well. babies. we did it.
We did that shit.
- Yeah. we did.
- Yes. we fucking did.
You guys were great.
You guys were just great.
Jackie'd be proud.
[Baptiste] I really feel like
she made that happen from beyond.
[Salazar]
She had that bruja thing.
All right.
- Yeah.
- I'm about to blow this popsicle stand.
I got a real hot shower
and a big-ass empty bed
that is waiting for big mama
to get home. I gotta go.
[Salazar chuckling]
Mm!
- [Salazar] My leg...
- [Byrne] All right. get some rest.
I'll see you guys.
- Go see the girls.
- All right. how you getting home?
- Bye.
- [Byrne] You take care.
Oh. you ain't heard?
DEA's putting us in Uber.
Uber Black. to be exact.
Real classy shit. you know?
- Bye. boss.
- [Byrne laughs]
- Say hi to the girls.
- I'm tired.
I will.
[whispering] Let's go. papa.
She get 20% of that Rip.
That's four million dollars.
Yeah. looks like it.
I mean. the IRS
is gonna take half of it. right?
But yeah. she'll do all right.
Not a bad night's work.
Yeah. If you can fucking get it.
[sighs] Yeah.
Congratulations. Del. Did your job.
Yeah. I did. Did your job too.
motherfucker. Thank me later.
Hey. I'm sorry about yesterday.
I'm sorry. I said it.
- What. you want... You want a hug?
- Yeah. I want a hug.
- No. I'm not hugging you.
- Give your big brother a hug.
- I'm not hugging you. J.D.
- Hug your big brother who loves you.
Back up. No chance. Get fucked.
Come on. Hey. hug your brother
who loves you in front of all the feds.
Come here. He's a bully. but he loves you.
You're a fucking asshole. you know that?
- You're an asshole too. but I love you.
- Yeah?
- All right. Thanks. man.
- You okay. though?
- Yeah.
- You sure?
- Okay.
Hey. I'm gonna stop by Mom's later
for a cup of coffee.
and just so you know. I'm gonna
take credit for fucking everything.
- Oh. I know.
- All of it.
- Why change? Yeah.
- Yeah.
And you owe me a new car too.
All right.
Congratulations. kid.
Don't spend it all in one place.
Thanks.
Stop fucking around. I know you got
beer around here somewhere.
Thank you.
You knew I'd tell Ro everything.
didn't you?
Yeah. yeah.
I knew you'd do the right thing.
even if it put you in danger.
That. um...
That captain. that policewoman
that was murdered.
the one that I talked to...
- Jackie.
- Yeah. Jackie.
I don't know.
Through all this shit. she got us to you.
- Is that weird to you?
- No. no.
And if you knew Jackie...
She'd...
She'd say it was meant to happen that way.
Then maybe it was.
Yeah.
Oh. you wanna know what they mean.
"Are we the good guys?"
Last thing. uh. my son said to me.
"We are and always will be."
Last thing I said to my son.
How?
[sighs] Cancer. uh...
He was ten years old. Jake.
All right. Desiree Lopez Molina.
Stay the fuck out of trouble.
[dog yapping]
[sighs]
Great work today. man.
You. too.
[child cheering]
[child] Look at the sunrise!
- [cheers]
- [dog yips]
[child] So pretty!
Imagine being that fired up for a sunrise.
That's great. That's great.
[child cheering]
[dog barking]
[woman] Jackie!
[woman] Jackie. where are you. baby?
I'm right here!